One thing about the officer corps is that recognition certainly comes,
but it usually comes, say, at the end of the tour, basically to say
thank you for your service well done and good luck in your future career
endeavors. You'll see a lot more recognition in the A list ranks,
which is more appropriate, in my opinion, um, I would say the recognition
that you receive comes more from how the years your subordinates
interact with you during your time at your whatever duty station
you're at. That's the recognition that it was always valued to meet
one. I could tell you one of the most valuable pieces of recognition,
and it was implicit. It wasn't direct that I received was when
one of my subordinates asked for a recommendation. Uh, for test pilot
school, I was I mean, I was I was just a few months ago that he asked
for this and he was kind of down because he didn't get the ranking,
that he wanted it the squatter. But he and he wasn't too excited
about where he was going to go next. So he decided to apply to something
different. I happily gave him a recommendation because he deserved
it, and it was awesome to see that he succeeded in getting what
he wanted and just simply be a part of that, that that was one of
the most rewarding experiences that I've had in the Navy. And while
that's not exactly recognition, it definitely felt like I contributed
to something. I contributed to someone's career aspirations. Do not
think that Lieutenant Commander's recommendation had a lot to do with
it. He had a lot of other people supporting him in that, but it
was nice to be a part of, and he and the and appreciated my efforts.